Update approach.md (#58)
18F/project-artifacts: approach.md

- Week 6 -- Present final report/presentation
- Week 7 -- Incorporate partner feedback into the final report, run a project post-mortem

> Remember, you can start the report/presentation at any time or alter this schedule as needed to fit the shape of your engagement. Most projets will have both a slide deck and a paper, consider the slide deck the movie trailer, and the paper the script.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remember, you can start the report/presentation at any time or alter this schedule as needed to fit the shape of your engagement. Most projects will have both a slide deck and a report — consider the slide deck the movie trailer, and the report the full movie.  
```

> While this is an 8 week project, you'll likely need to restrict the data collection part of the engagement to two weeks or so. Scheduling participants takes a lot of time. Analyzing interviews takes a lot of time. If you try to do more interviews than you can fit in two weeks, *you'll run out of time and budget very quickly*. Keep in mind that the point of a path analysis is to get a better understanding of the partner's problem. Go broad, not deep. You can (and should!) suggest additional work to delve more deeply into the issues you uncover here. It is not recommended to interview more than 12 folks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While this is an 8 week project, you'll likely need to restrict the data collection part of the engagement to two weeks or so. Scheduling participants and analyzing interviews both take a lot of time.  If you try to do more interviews than you can fit in two weeks, *you'll run out of time and budget very quickly*.  It is not recommended to interview more than 12 folks.

Keep in mind that the point of a path analysis is to get a better understanding of the partner's problem. Go broad, not deep. You can (and should!) suggest additional work to delve more deeply into the issues you uncover here.
```

There are a few primary ways we do this:

> - **Meet with the partner regularly** (at least weekly) to discuss what you're working on, share insights, and ask questions. Get clear early on about what meeting tools will work for everyone, and use video calls if possible. Include partners in stand-ups.

Reviewer: Include partners in stand-ups is such a good tip, it makes me want to spool up another section on modelling agile practices and human-centered design. No change needed, just thinking out loud.

- **Plan a mid-project review** with the partner after your research sprint to communicate progress, initial observations, and update the project brief as needed. If you've been meeting weekly, this may be a short check-in, but it's helpful to take stock and make sure you're still aligned on the focus and goals. As you create presentations and begin to share ideas, follow [presentation best practices](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1SwWADPsr_rDlHRaga7mFwY-F4vvrU8dfcmL9Sbbd364/edit) to ensure you're being concise and compelling.

## 6. Write the final report/presentation
You can start writing your final report/presentation on day one of your path analysis, if you choose. This can mean outlining, starting a scratch document for recommendations, or sending preliminary findings in each weekly ship.

> The [PA report template](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1DBgwnnHuvR2fAojOwjP8gZ3_jA9pEAGRRKOnmH69d0s/edit) offers lots of structure and advice to work with, even before you begin the drafing process.  You can restructure this report as you see fit to be tailored to what the partner needs.  For example, if your partner wants next steps up front, you can move actionable items to the beginning of the paper.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [PA report template](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1DBgwnnHuvR2fAojOwjP8gZ3_jA9pEAGRRKOnmH69d0s/edit) offers lots of structure and advice to work with, even before you begin the drafting process.  You can restructure this report as you see fit to be tailored to what the partner needs.  For example, if your partner wants next steps up front, you can move actionable items to the beginning of the paper.
```
